In this video, I'm going to go over the
seven different offers that every agency
should have to help them scale to 10
million per year. Most agencies do it
completely wrong and they just have
their highpriced recurring service. And
the problem with that is 99% of people
in the target market are just not
qualified for that service. And then
when you have 99% of people not
qualified for your service, they're
essentially going nowhere. So what you
see on screen here is the scale your
agency funnel. It is a funnel diagram I
designed to basically put into a visual
very complex concepts. So we have on the
top we have our top of funnel, our paid
ads, our content, our outreach and our
partnerships. In the middle of the
funnel we have our lead magnets and our
funnel pages and our email flows. At the
bottom of the funnel we have our
different conversion mechanisms which
I'll talk about soon. We have our
website and then we have our offers.
I've made 12 free agency trainings every
step of this funnel. If you want to
check them out, the link is in the bio.
You can do that. So, the first thing I'm
going to do is talk about the different
offers. So, we have a lot going on here.
And where are the offers? I'm going to
pull out the pen. The offers are the
digital products. They're the affiliate
commissions. They're the programs.
There's the courses. They're the
referral partnerships. the one-time
intro offer and the main recurring
service. So, most agencies basically
just have one of these. And as a result,
if we kind of delete all of these things
here, this is more what it looks like
for the average agency, if they even had
the rest of this. And the problem with
that is only 1% of your target market is
going to be qualified at any given time.
That means pricing. That means they're
actively looking for it. That means you
just want to work with them. They're in
the same industry, same niche. They see
a need. And 99% are going to be
unqualified. And as you can imagine,
when 99% of your target market is
unqualified, that doesn't necessarily
lead to a great content funnel or a
great paid ads funnel or a great
outreach funnel. This isn't really like
info offers or some of those where you
just hammer a bunch of call funnels to
your main recurring service and scale up
infinitely. It doesn't really work. You
need to build up a funnel that generates
highly qualified leads who in theory
would be ready to go as you can take
them as you build up your operations as
you build up your systems and all of
that kind of stuff. That's kind of how
it differs from an in an info funnel or
something like that. So, if I put these
back, we have all of our different
offers and they all play a role. They're
all here to basically be for every
different level of the target market. So
no matter where someone is revenue-wise,
you know, time and business-wise,
whatever your metrics are, whatever your
qualifications are, we have something to
offer them. And this can kind of double
to triple your revenue, but it can also
kind of like three or five or even 10x
your profit because where your main
service, we have labor, we have all of
that kind of stuff. We have a lot of
costs involved. stuff like referral
partnerships and fees, courses,
programs, affiliate commissions,
products, those are all 100% pure margin
or very close. Maybe there'll be some
payment processing fees and maybe a
couple software fees, but not much.
Versus your recurring service and even
your intra offer could be 10, 25, 40%
margin at most. And it's just a very
very good way to diversify your revenue
as well as make your agency more
valuable because there's a lot more
stability. Not all of your eggs are in
your recurring service basket, so to
speak. So, I'm going to go over the
different types here just for a little
recap. So, your recurring service is
what everybody has. If you have an
agency, you have this service. It's your
high-priced main service that builds MR
and is the backbone of your entire
agency. You are not going to succeed in
any agency without your recurring
service. If you're just going feast and
famine, you know, you're closing project
deals. You might be very successful at
that, but you're never going to have the
MR and the stability to be confident
enough to reinvest in ads, reinvest in
your infrastructure, reinvest in your
team. You're just not really going to
get anywhere without it. The intro offer
is usually a low or lower priced
one-time offer that acts as something of
a paid trial. You use that to get your
foot in the door and then you upsell
them to your recurring service later.
So, I had an agency I sold that was a
landing page and CRO agency for
e-commerce. My main recurring service
was that 8 to 15k per month CRO MR. I
built that client base. it, you know,
was very substantial over time, but it's
very difficult even if someone likes
your YouTube videos, even if someone
sees your ads, even if you meet them at
an event to really get someone to commit
to 8 to 15k per month. It's not that it
doesn't happen, but it's very difficult.
So, what I did was for my ads, for my
outreach, for referrals, for everything,
I built them a landing page, which is
kind of like a paid trial. CRO is when
you're doing landing page or you're
doing page tests, AB tests sitewide,
usually four to eight per month. Whereas
a landing page is just one page, usually
for their paid ads in my case, where you
could do it. And I just did it for 2500
a month or not even a month as a onetime
fee. It would either be better than what
they're currently using or be worse.
Over the lifetime of my agency, it was
55% success rate, meaning 55% of the
time it was better than what they had. I
don't know what to make of that. I think
it is pretty good. There's a lot of, you
know, huge e-commerce brands that I
worked with that were just dialed in.
Like, they probably done hundreds of
tests themselves and I was not able to
do better. And it's fine. It is what it
is.
If you do a great job on the intro
offer, in theory, you're going to be
able to get them in the door with that
like foot in the door offer, that
stepping stone offer, and then once you
do a good job, it in theory becomes a
lot easier for to sell them the
recurring service. Okay, I already made
your paid ads way better with this
landing page. The conversion rates
higher, the AOV is higher, the revenue
per session's higher. Let me do that for
your full site. Very easy to just say
that. It's not to say that they can't go
to the highpriced recurring service in
any situation if they didn't want to.
It's just, you know, another tool at
your disposal. The referral partnerships
are usually going to be with someone who
is either too small or too large to work
with you. Both of them happen. So, if
they're too small, you might refer them
to someone who does your service in
Eastern Europe or South America or
something. Or they're just too large,
you don't feel confident, you don't want
to take on that, you know, risk. and you
don't have an indemnification clause or
something that you know gets that legal
risk off you, you might just refer them
to a larger agency. There's no shame in
that. Or if in my case someone comes in
for CRO now they need Facebook ads or
Tik Tok ads or Google ads or email
marketing, you can also refer them to
different services e in addition or
instead of yours. It could be either
one. A course is obviously an
educational offer to sell to people who
can't afford your main service andor
want to learn to do them themselves. And
courses kind of get a bad name, but
there's a lot of people who just want to
learn to do it themselves and they don't
really want to hire you. And if you
don't have an offer such as a course,
you're kind of missing out on that type
of person. The program is very similar
to the course, but more support, more
help, more active engagement on your
part. It's great for those who prefer,
you know, kind of a learning learning it
style, but they want you to help them or
for those with a big in-house team who
can't really
justify working with you, but they want
someone else to come in and look at it.
I launched a program for my agency
thinking that I was going to get more
the done with you types, but it was
actually dominated by people who were
multi-figure, nine figure brands who had
an in-house landing page, CRO team,
designers. They just wanted someone from
the outside who is in their eyes a
serial expert to kind of take a look at
what their team is doing. And that's a
very interesting insight that I didn't
expect before I did this myself the
first time. A digital product is usually
a productized offer under $100 because
that's kind of the impulse buy off in my
view. That usually takes the form of
templates or assets. If you're going to
put so much time into kind of in
information and that kind of stuff, I
would just go fullon and do it a course.
I would never sell information as a
digital product in my opinion. And the
keyword here is product. I see a lot of
people say I'm going to do 99 for you
know a $99 for something like I'll make
them some ads. That is a intro offer.
That is a service. You can't play any
part or role in the digital products. It
has to be automated or it's not really a
product. And then the last thing is
affiliate commissions. So, this will
usually come from software that are
either using or buying to work with you
or on their own. So, let's say they do
they're like coming to me for landing
pages. Whether they are going to use
these or not, they're going to need a
landing page software. They're going to
need an AB testing software. They're
going to need X, Y, and Z. And you can
kind of just give it to them there.
So, let's go through the ideal setup.
Cuz it's one thing in my opinion to know
this stuff, but what does this actually
look like in reality? Because this is
just a drawing on a screen, but it's the
real world that really matters. We don't
get rich on a screen. You know, they say
wars are not fought on paper, and it's
kind of the same thing here. So, how
does this actually happen? So for the
recurring service my view like the ideal
setup would be something that leads to
less than 10% monthly churn with as
little as possible. Let's to be clear
but 10% maximum and has a gross LTV of
$30,000 or more. The reason for that is
if you're churning, if you have a
service that you can't optimize to get
under 10% monthly churn and you might
have 20 30% when you first start or when
you launch a new service and then you
get better at it and better at it. You
optimize your onboarding, your
communication, your delivery, you get
better results. But if you can't get it
to 10% eventually and there's not kind
of a clear path or a clear reason why
that it needs to be or is over 10%, it's
probably not the ideal recurring
service. There's either some kind of
market fit, you just suck at it and your
skill set would be better off doing
something else or whatever. And then the
30% or $30,000 LTV is very good as a
benchmark to scale because at the same
time you're basically getting better at
your service, you should be getting
better at your customer acquisition
funnel. Whether that's you're using an
intro offer or whatever. And if you get
a customer acquisition cost of 1K and a
LTV of 30K or more, that's the ugliest
1K ever. We're just going to put 1K.
That is where you're getting into hypers
scale territory. If you get an LTV of
100,000 permore, that is like you are
going to print and exit your business
eventually. So, I just kind of like to
think of this as a worthy goal, so to
speak.
For your intro offer, I view it as
something that you can deliver as $250
per hour or more, priced as close to
zero as possible, with the customer
acquisition costs less than the total
gross margin. So, that's kind of a
mouthful. Let's break it down. I always
want to deliver every service at $250
per hour or more as an effective hourly
rate. So, if you're charging a 5k per
month retainer, it should take 20 man
hours or labor hours or less to fulfill
it. The reason for that is if you take
into account the customer acquisition
costs, the closing costs, the ad costs,
maybe your content team and outreach
cost, the cost for software, the cost
for labor to fulfill it. Once you get
bigger, the cost per revenue,
non-revenue producing roles like finance
and HR and then taxes. If you're under
$250 per hour, there's really just
nothing left to try to scale. But you
also want to price it as low as
possible. A lot of people come to me and
say, "My intro offer is 8K." Kind of
defeats the purpose of an intro offer.
It's to reduce the risk as much as
possible to get your foot in the door.
So, we want it to be as low as possible,
but we don't want it to be super low.
Let's say we could deliver it in 1 hour.
We wouldn't want it to be $250 per hour
because there's not a realistic chance
we're going to get a customer for
probably less than $1,000 in this day
and age. So really, your intro offer is
probably going to end up something like
$2,500 that you can fulfill in 10 hours
or less. And that $2,500 will cover the
customer acquisition costs. And then if
you upsell them, this is basically 100%
you know or the the LTV to CAC ratio is
essentially infinite because the intro
offer took care of that customer
acquisition cost. It's just math and
highle thinking that we kind of need to
know about for the referral partnership
three larger and three smaller agencies
to provide the same service as well as
adjacent services. So if you were doing
CRO like I was doing an e-commerce
adjacent services would be Facebook ads,
Google ads, Tik Tok, email, SEO, stuff
like that, I would definitely vet this
and vet these people and really trust
them if you can. That would be nice
because if they [__] you and just do a
horrible job for your client that is
going to reflect negatively on you. You
can make a lot of money here when you're
at a super high scale and you're getting
a 100 clients per month or 100 leads per
month and you're referring 20 of them
away and you're getting 1k per month
each and you're stacking that up. But we
definitely don't want to refer anybody
who's going to [__] us over. Should be
going out without saying, but it's an
important note cuz trust me, trust me.
The ideal course in my view is your own
internal employee training that your
employees would go through when you hire
that you should have in theory
repackaged, made nice and pretty, put
into a Kajjabi and a Trello and
something and sold as a course. When you
do this, it's going to basically ensure
the highest quality and it's going to
kill two birds with one stone. You're
going to make that employee training
anyway, so you might as well make it
right and turn it into another revenue
stream. The program is basically the
course with some one-on-one or group
help that you can deliver at $1,000 per
hour or more of your own time. When
you're doing the program, it's basically
you're going to probably be the one that
has to fulfill this. You're the face of
the brand. You're the expert here.
They're not going to be happy if some
VAS are fulfilling it. So, it has to be
worth your while. $1,000 per hour or
more. If you are doing this program for
6K over 3 months, let's just say, it
should cost you one hour or less per
client. and then your team can do the
rest or who knows how you're going to
set it up.
The digital product should be a ton of
templates that either make them more
money or save them time or both that
naturally lead into your main service
that naturally lead into your main
service. So, my landing page and zero
agency, I said it a million times if
you've ever watched my videos before,
but I did 100 Web Flow templates for
landing pages for $97. I sold over
14,500 units of that worked really well
for me. And the kind of the cost to sell
one of these templates was less than the
revenue. So, I was break even in this ad
funnel from day one. No stress. And then
affiliate commissions, the four most
important tools that they're going to
need. I found that if you basically do
more than four tools, the effectiveness
and the juice that each tool has in your
recommendation, it's kind of wordy, goes
down. Like if you're just saying you
need these four four tools, you can put
that in the onboarding. They're most
likely going to sign up for that [__]
But if you say, "Oh, we got to get these
50 tools." They're going to probably
sign up for none of them. That's just
kind of how it is in my experience.
So now I It's a question I get a lot.
How are all of these incorporated? And
it's a fair question cuz seven offers,
how do we actually do that? So there can
be a few different things here. So, I've
drew this little kind of shitty
flowchart, but it's going to have to do,
and I think it does a fair job of doing
it. So, first off, you're going to have
your opt-in form. This is where your
content is going to go from YouTube,
from LinkedIn, from Twitter, from
Instagram, who knows? That's going to
basically give them a lead magnet and
they're going to be in your email flows.
Your lead magnet and your email flows
are going to basically do the affiliate
commissions. I'm actually going to add
one more here.
And I'm going to go onboarding because
this is kind of a an awkward place to
put this in the drawing because that
kind of implies that they became a
client. But you're going to get a lot of
these affiliate commissions from your
onboarding. You could also put that, you
know, inside your community, for
example, you know, community
webinar. Look at me. I'm adding to the
thing live. Can you imagine?
So let's make it all nice and tidy
because
because we just just what should be done
of course. So community webinar that
kind of stuff. So those are going to
pour into your affiliate commissions.
Your stuff is also your paid ads, your
content, you know, all of this kind of
stuff is also going to redirect to your
application form on your website. All
that kind of stuff. And there's like you
you'd split this out based on like your
unique criteria. But if we were going to
split this out on a revenue question,
for example, like let's just say, how
much revenue are you doing per month? We
have a question like this. For example,
someone who's doing 0 to 10K, you
probably redirect them using the
conditional logic to your digital
product cuz they can't afford your
course or your program or whatever. So
digital product that affiliate
commissions probably will be in there,
too. If they're doing 10 to 30K, we
might sell them to the course, the
program, or the intro offer. we can kind
of decide
30 to 100k probably do the same and if
they're doing over 100k we might send
them to the recurring service like that
is basically you might you're probably
going to have a bunch of these different
things here so we're going to go digital
product so here we might go intro offer
we might have course and we might have
program and then here we might have our
recurring service like that is one way
to incorporate all of these into your
overall flow to keep it as simple as
possible. This can come from your ads,
your content, your outreach. They find
your website somehow and it more or less
will direct them to the right offer. You
might not want to have it as rigid as
this. You might want to have other
criteria as well and it's just what you
want to do. You might also answer a
question like, do you want us to do this
for you? Do you want to do it yourself
or do you want like us to do it with
you? If you did something like that,
then you could also, you know, do it
yourself. Okay, this is going to go to
the course. Do it with us. program do it
for us and that might go to the intro
offer and recurring service. There's
plenty of different ways, but I view
this as kind of like a centralized thing
where you can have your, you know, let's
say your application here basically and
then if they're unqualified, they're
going to go to the products or they'll
be referred away or they'll do the
course or they'll do the program. But if
they're qualified, you can also get to
the sales call, sell them the one-time
or the recurring. But there's nothing
stopping you from still referring them
away on the call or sending them to the
course or the program.
The key word is here is you actually
give a [__] about your target audience
and your clients and try to recommend
things that you believe would be the
best for them, even if they don't know
themselves. So, I hope this video was
helpful and I'll see you in the next